Davidb/mpm (#50)
matlab-actions/setup-matlab: README.md

## Usage Examples
Once you set up MATLAB, you can build and test your MATLAB project as part of your workflow. To execute code on the runner, include the [Run MATLAB Build](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-build/), [Run MATLAB Tests](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-tests/), or [Run MATLAB Command](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-command/) actions in your workflow.

### Run MATLAB Build on GitHub-Hosted Runner
Set up a GitHub-hosted runner to run a specific task and its depended-on tasks that are specified in a file named `buildfile.m` in the root of your repository. To run tasks using the MATLAB build tool, include the [Run MATLAB Build](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-build/) action in your workflow. This action is supported in MATLAB R2022b and later.

```yaml
name: Run MATLAB Build on GitHub-Hosted Runner
on: [push]
jobs:
  my-job:
    name: Run MATLAB Build
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check out repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Set up MATLAB

>         uses: matlab-actions/setup-matlab@v2-beta

Author: That was my initial thinking. I'm open to merging and using tags, but it seems like we might want to have easy access to make changes on v1 as needed for now too.

>         uses: matlab-actions/setup-matlab@v2-beta

Reviewer: Agreed. I like keeping this on a branch until release. A lot of folks will look at the main branch README for doc, so we should probably keep any changes related to this beta out of the main branch README until release.

```

### Run MATLAB Script on GitHub-Hosted Runner
Set up a GitHub-hosted runner to run the commands in a file named `myscript.m` in the root of your repository. To run the script, include the [Run MATLAB Command](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-command/) action in your workflow.

```yaml
name: Run MATLAB Script on GitHub-Hosted Runner
on: [push]
jobs:
  my-job:
    name: Run MATLAB Script
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check out repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Set up MATLAB
        uses: matlab-actions/setup-matlab@v2-beta
      - name: Run script
        uses: matlab-actions/run-command@v1
        with:
          command: myscript
```

## Set Up MATLAB
When you define your workflow in the `.github/workflows` directory of your repository, specify the **Setup MATLAB** action as `matlab-actions/setup-matlab@v1`. The action accepts an optional input.

| Input     | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `release` | (Optional) MATLAB release to set up. You can specify R2020a or a later release. If you do not specify `release`, the action sets up the latest release of MATLAB.<br/>**Example**: `R2022a`

> | `products` | (Optional) List of products to install. <br/> **Example**: `Simulink Simulink_Test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `products` | (Optional) List of products to install using product names separated by spaces. Replace spaces within names with underscores. [See the MathWorks website](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html) for the full list of available products and their names.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox Parallel_Computing_Toolbox`
```

@mw-hrastega

> | `products` | (Optional) List of products to install using product names separated by spaces. Replace spaces within names with underscores. [See the MathWorks website](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html) for the full list of available products and their names.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox Parallel_Computing_Toolbox`

Reviewer 2: Space-separated list of products to install. If a product name contains white-space characters, replace them with underscores. For the full list of available products and their names, see [Products and Services](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html)..<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox Parallel_Computing_Toolbox`

> | `products` | (Optional) List of products to install using product names separated by spaces. Replace spaces within names with underscores. [See the MathWorks website](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html) for the full list of available products and their names.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox Parallel_Computing_Toolbox`

Reviewer 2: Consider adding another example with two products.

> | `products` | (Optional) List of products to install using product names separated by spaces. Replace spaces within names with underscores. [See the MathWorks website](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html) for the full list of available products and their names.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox Parallel_Computing_Toolbox`

Reviewer 2: Could you install PCT only? Will PCT install MATLAB too? Should this be clarified?

Author: It always installs MATLAB and PCT no matter what, but the user is allowed to specify them in this list as well. When we move from the initial "beta" release to our official "v2.0.0" it will always install MATLAB in all cases, but will no longer install PCT unless it is specified.

Reviewer 2: Ok, should it be clarified? By default, the task installs MATLAB and the Parallel Computing Toolbox?

> | `products` | (Optional) Space-separated list of products to install. If a product name contains white-space characters, replace them with underscores. For the full list of available products and their names, see [Products and Services](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html). By default, the task installs MATLAB and the Parallel Computing Toolbox.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink`

Reviewer 2: I think we should remove "the" before PCT.

Author: fixed

> | `products` | (Optional) Space-separated list of products to install. If a product name contains white-space characters, replace them with underscores. For the full list of available products and their names, see [Products and Services](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html). By default, the task installs MATLAB and the Parallel Computing Toolbox.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink`

Reviewer 2: You say for a full list of products, see ...
Are transformational products also supported with mpm?

Author: Yeah, transformational products are supported with mpm. They can install them with this action and provide their own matlab-batch token  that we issued to them according to their license. Transformational products will not be licensed for Public repos though.

Reviewer 2: Ok. So any changes to this paragraph in the beta documentation?

https://github.com/matlab-actions/setup-matlab#:~:text=The%20Setup%20MATLAB%20action%20is%20not%20supported%20on%20self%2Dhosted%20runners.%20Currently%2C%20it%20is%20available%20only%20for%20public%20projects.%20It%20does%20not%20set%20up%20transformation%20products%2C%20such%20as%20MATLAB%20Coder%E2%84%A2%20and%20MATLAB%20Compiler%E2%84%A2.

Reviewer 2: The Setup MATLAB action is not supported on [self-hosted](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/about-self-hosted-runners) runners. Currently, it is available only for public projects. It does not set up transformation products, such as MATLAB Coder™ and MATLAB Compiler™.

Author: Good catch. I updated some of the text in the intro.

> | `products` | (Optional) Space-separated list of products to install. If a product name contains white-space characters, replace them with underscores. For the full list of available products and their names, see [Products and Services](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html). By default, the task installs MATLAB and the Parallel Computing Toolbox.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink`

Reviewer 2: Can we have two examples here? The first "Simulink" alone. The second "Simulink" with a a toolbox (other than PCT) that has a multi-word name.

Author: Good idea. Added Deep_Learning_Toolbox in a 2nd example.

> | `products` | (Optional) Space-separated list of products to install. If a product name contains white-space characters, replace them with underscores. For the full list of available products and their names, see [Products and Services](https://www.mathworks.com/products.html). By default, the task installs MATLAB and Parallel Computing Toolbox.<br/> **Example**: `MATLAB Simulink`</br>**Example:** `MATLAB Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox`

Reviewer 2: Thanks for updating the examples:

Will "MATLAB Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox" do the same thing as "Simulink Deep_Learning_Toolbox"? If so, please remove MATLAB from both examples (because it will be installed anyway).

Author: fixed
